A variable is identified by an id.
A process is identified by a variable.
A value is identified by a number.
An instruction is identified by a value.
target is a constant.

The following propositions always apply:
A process goes from 1 to 2.
There is a variable r1. // corresponding to process 1 register
There is a variable r2. // corresponding to process 2 register
There is a variable c.
An instruction goes from 0 to 2.
A value goes from 0 to target.

The following propositions apply in the initial state:
Process P holds instruction 0.
Variable c holds value 1.
Variable a holds instruction 0.
Variable b holds instruction 0.

The following propositions always apply except in the initial state:
Every process can fetch at most 1 instruction.
It is prohibited that a process P1 fetch an instruction I1, when process P2 fetch, where P1 is different from P2 and I1 is less than 2.
It is prohibited that the number of process variable P that fetch an instruction I is equal to 0.

Process P changes instruction with value equal to (I+1)\3, when process P fetch instruction X and also process P previously holds instruction I.

Variable V changes value with number equal to C, when process P fetch instruction I and also process P previously holds instruction with value equal to 0 and also variable c previously holds value C, where P is equal to 1 and V is equal to r1.
Variable V changes value with number equal to C, when process P fetch instruction I and also process P previously holds instruction with value equal to 0 and also variable c previously holds value C, where P is equal to 2 and V is equal to r2.

Variable V changes value with number equal to R+C, when process P fetch instruction I and also process P previously holds instruction with value equal to 1 and also variable c previously holds value C and also variable V previously holds value R, where P is equal to 1 and V is equal to r1 where R+C is less than or equal to target.
Variable V changes value with number equal to R+C, when process P fetch instruction I and also process P previously holds instruction with value equal to 1 and also variable c previously holds value C and also variable V previously holds value R, where P is equal to 2 and V is equal to r2 where R+C is less than or equal to target.

Variable c changes value with number equal to R, when process P fetch instruction I and also process P previously holds instruction with value equal to 2 and also variable r1 previously holds value R, where P is equal to 1.
Variable c changes value with number equal to R, when process P fetch instruction I and also process P previously holds instruction with value equal to 2 and also variable r2 previously holds value R, where P is equal to 2.

A variable K holds a value V, when a variable K changes value V.
A process K holds a value V, when a process K changes value V.
A variable K holds a value V, when a variable K previously holds a value V and also variable K does not change.
A process K holds a value V, when a process K previously holds a value V and also variable K does not change.

The following propositions apply in the final state:
It is required that variable c holds value target.