// other tissue (blue) sta sopra a vocal fold ( red)
// vocal fold ( red) sta sopra a intubation (yellow) o glottal space (green)
// glottal space (green) sta sopra a intubation (yellow)
// Pathology (purple) sta sopra vocal fold ( red)
// instrumet (orange) ultimi

An image is identified by an id, and has a sequence.
A segment is identified by a color, and by an image.

The following propositions always apply:
Whenever there is an image I with sequence S, then we can have picked at most 1 segment with image I.
A segment S with color X, with image I is selected, when we have previously selected a segment with color X, with image I.
A segment S with color X, with image I is selected, when we have picked a segment with color X, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color X, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color X, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color equal to blue, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color equal to red, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color equal to red, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color equal to yellow, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color equal to red, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color equal to green, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color equal to green, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color equal to yellow, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color equal to red, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color equal to purple, with image I.
It is prohibited that we have picked a segment with color equal to X, with image I, when we have previously selected a segment with color equal to orange, with image I, where X is different from orange.

//regole per verificare se la segmentazione è corretta, considerate le sequenze operatorie:
//- seq1: pre-op with clearly visible tumor on vocal fold, no instruments visible, without intubation
It is prohibited that there is not a segment with image I, with color equal to X, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq1, where X is one of purple, red.
It is prohibited that there is a segment with image I, with color equal to X, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq1, where X is one of orange, yellow.

//- seq2: pre-op with clearly visible tumor, visible instruments, with intubation
It is prohibited that there is not a segment with image I, with color equal to X, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq2, where X is one of purple, orange, yellow.

//- seq3-4: post-op with removed tumor, with intubation
It is prohibited that there is a segment with image I, with color equal to X, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq3, where X is one of purple, orange.
It is prohibited that there is not a segment with image I, with color equal to yellow, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq3.

It is prohibited that there is a segment with image I, with color equal to purple, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq4.

//- seq5-7: pre-op with intubation
It is prohibited that there is not a segment with image I, with color equal to yellow, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to X, where X is one of seq5, seq6, seq7.
It is prohibited that there is a segment with image I, with color equal to purple, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to X, where X is one of seq5, seq6, seq7.

//- seq8: post-op with instruments, with intubation
It is prohibited that there is not a segment with image I, with color equal to X, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq8, where X is one of orange, yellow.
It is prohibited that there is a segment with image I, with color equal to purple, whenever there is an image with id I, with sequence equal to seq8.

The following propositions apply in the final state:
It is prohibited that a segment with color C, with image I is not selected, whenever there is an image I with sequence S.

