A timeslot is a temporal concept expressed in minutes ranging from 07:30 AM to 01:30 PM with a length of 10 minutes.
A day is a temporal concept expressed in days ranging from 01/01/2022 to 07/01/2022.
A patient is identified by an id, and has a preference.
A registration is identified by a patient, and by an order, and has a number of waiting days, a duration of the first phase, a duration of the second phase, a duration of the third phase, and a duration of the fourth phase.
A seat is identified by an id, and has a type.
An assignment is identified by a registration, by a day, and by a timeslot.
//A position in is identified by a patient, by an id, by a timeslot, and by a day.
Whenever there is a registration R with an order equal to 0, then R can have an assignment to exactly 1 day, and timeslot.
Whenever there is a registration R with patient P, with order OR, and with a number of waiting days W, whenever there is an assignment with registration patient P, with registration order OR-1, and with day D, whenever there is a day with day D+W, then we can have an assignment with registration R, and with day D+W to exactly 1 timeslot.
It is required that the sum between the duration of the first phase of the registration R, the duration of the second phase of the registration R, and the duration of the third phase of the registration R is greater than the timeslot of the assignment A, whenever there is a registration R, whenever there is an assignment A with registration R, with timeslot T.
Whenever there is a patient P, whenever there is an assignment with registration patient P, with timeslot T, and with day D, whenever there is a registration R with patient P, and with a duration of the fourth phase PH4 greater than 0, then P can have a position with id S, with timeslot T, with day D in exactly 1 seat S for PH4 timeslots.
It is required that the number of patient that have position in seat S, day D, timeslot TS is less than 2, whenever there is a day D, whenever there is a timeslot TS, whenever there is a seat with id S.
It is required that the assignment A is after 11:20 AM, whenever there is a registration R with a duration of the fourth phase greater than 50 timeslots, whenever there is an assignment A with registration R.
It is preferred as much as possible, with high priority, that a patient P with preference T has a position in a seat S, whenever there is a seat S with type T.