A time is a temporal concept expressed in steps ranging from 0 to 10.
A joint is identified by an id.
An angle is identified by a value.
A position is identified by a joint, by an angle, and by a time.
A link is identified by a first joint, and by a second joint.
A rotation is identified by a first joint, by a second joint, by a desired angle, by a current angle, and by a time.
A goal is identified by a joint, and by an angle.
granularity is a constant equal to 90.
timemax is a constant equal to 90.
Whenever there is a link with a first joint J1, and with a second joint J2, then we must have a link with a first joint J2, and with a second joint J1.
Whenever there is a time T that is after 0, then we can have at most 1 rotation with a first joint J1, with a second joint J2, with a desired angle A, with a current angle AI, and with time T such that there is a joint J1, a joint J2, an angle A, a link with first joint J1, and with second joint J2, a position with joint J1, with angle AI, and with time T.
It is required that T is less than timemax, whenever there is a rotation with time T.
It is required that the first joint J1 of the rotation R is greater than the second joint J2 of the rotation R, whenever there is a rotation R with first joint J1, with second joint J2.
It is required that the desired angle A of the rotation R is different from the current angle AI of the rotation R,  whenever there is a rotation R with desired angle A, and with current angle AI.
It is required that the sum between the desired angle A of the rotation R, and granularity is equal to the current angle AI of the rotation R, whenever there is a rotation R with desired angle A greater than 0, with current angle AI greater than A.
It is required that the sum between the current angle AI of the rotation R, and granularity is equal to the desired angle A of the rotation R, whenever there is a rotation R with current angle AI greater than 0, with desired angle A greater than AI.
It is required that the difference between 360, and granularity is equal to the desired angle A of the rotation R, whenever there is a rotation R with desired angle A, and with current angle equal to 0.
It is required that the difference between 360, and granularity is equal to the current angle AI of the rotation R, whenever there is a rotation R with desired angle A equal to 0, and with current angle AI.
Whenever there is a joint J, whenever there is a time T, then we can have a position with joint J, with angle A, and with time T to exactly 1 angle A.
It is required that the angle A1 of the position P1 is equal to the angle A2 of the position P2, whenever there is a position P1 with joint J, with angle A1, and with time T, whenever there is a position P2 the next step with joint J, and with angle A2, whenever there is not a rotation with time T less than or equal to timemax.
It is required that the angle A1 of the position P is equal to the desired angle A2 of the rotation R, whenever there is a position P with joint J1, with time T, with angle A1, whenever there is a rotation R the previous step with first joint J1, and with desired angle A2.
It is required that the angle AN of the position P is equal to |AC+(A-AP)+360|, whenever there is a time T, whenever there is a position P the next step with joint J1, and with angle AN, whenever there is a rotation with first joint J2, with desired angle A, with current angle AP, and with time T, whenever there is a position P2 with joint J1 greater than J2, with angle AC, and with time T.
It is required that the angle A1 of the position P1 is equal to the angle A2 of the position P2, whenever there is a position P1 with joint J1, with angle A1, and with time T, whenever there is a position P2 the next step with joint J1, and with angle A2, whenever there is a rotation with first joint J2 greater than J1, and with time T not after timemax.
It is required that the angle A1 of the goal G is equal to the angle A2 of the position P, whenever there is a goal G with joint J, with angle A1, whenever there is a position P with joint J, with angle A2, and with time equal to timemax.